06/02/2024
- fixed Github branch issues
- experimented with product backlog style

09/02/2024
- tweaked product backlog
- code of conduct is agreed upon

12/02/2024 (Madina joins group) (SPRINT 1 DUE)
People - Shekofeh, AR, AP, JM
- sprint 1 is presented remotely
- code of conduct needs to be updated with more harsh penalties

13/02/2024
- code of conduct is updated apppropriately - AR

16/02/2024
People - AR, AP, JM, MI
- Touched base and comunicated any problems
- Task reviews

19/02/2024
- Communicated how far along everyone was in regards to completion of task
- Adjustments were made to kanban boaard - AR

20/02/2024
- Collectively researched html and how work could be further improved

23/02/2024
- Scrum master reviews all member progress - AP

26/02/2024
- Discussed sprint further

27/02/2024
- more research needed into user stories and personas

01/03/2024 Madina Ibrahimi 
People - AP, AR, JM, AA , Teacher 
- discussed the future of the group regarding members. 
- spoke about code of conduct 
- reviewed Zube.io

01/03/2024 Madina Ibrahimi 
- diagrams class and use case diagram 
- diligated task

05/03/2024 Madina Ibrahimi 
- Each sprint needs to be on backlog -  AR 
Whole requirements in the backlog in each sprint
Separate sprint board 
- User case - MI
Re do 
-Class diagram AP
Top one is correct. 
- Sketch design  4x JM
All good 

11/03/2024 (SPRINT 2 DUE)
- An individual sprint board created for all sprints - AP
- All requirements are added in backlog - AR

19/03/2024 Aliza Raza
People - AR, AP
- delegated tasks
- tasks displayed on sprint three kanban board

25/03/2024
- Issue found with one user story file (file corrupted). Needs fixing

26/03/2024 (SPRINT 3 PRESENTATION)
People - Shekofeh, AP, AR, MI, JM
- Docker was not used
- Presentation date was changed

28/03/2024 (Represented sprint 3)
People - Shekofeh, AP, AR, MI, JM
- Docker was not working
- Unit tests not working
- Capped grade

01/04/2024 (SPRINT 3 DUE)
- AP submitted

05/04/2024 
- Discussion of task allocation via whatsapp groupchat
- Docker concerns were shared

09/04/2024
- Database was reviewed
- AP corrected and updated zube.io
- AR and MI updated user stories
- JM experienced issues with docker

13/04/2024
People - AR, AP, MI
- JI valid absence
- Discussion of progress
- AP expressed diffuculties with database
- AR made everyone aware that she will be late to sprinit 4 presentation 

22/04/2024
People - AR, AP, JM, MI
- Meeting via Whatsapp call
- Discussion of database completion
- Some files are missing

23/04/2024 (SPRINIT 4  PRESENTATION)
People - Shekofeh, AP, MI, JM
- Mitigating circumstances - AR had appointment

26/04/2024
- Discussion of what was missing
- Bug reporting system was created - JM

28/04/2024
- Missing files were uploaded
- Brainstormed for extra website features

29/04/2024 (SPRINT 4 DUE)
- Roles were discussed
- JM submitted

30/04/2024 (SPRINIT 4  PRESENTATION)
